Friday the 13th: The Game Ultimate Slasher Edition includes:
Physical Content:
Friday the 13th: The Game
13" x 19" Poster
Digital Content:
Jason Part 2 Pick Axe Kill Pack
Jason Part 4 Pig Splitter Kill Pack
Jason Part 7 Machete Kill Pack
Spring Break '84 Clothing Pack
Halloween Costume Pack
Emote Party Pack 1
Jason Voorhees is back!
The game is a faithful tribute to the franchise, all the way down to the tiniest detail. Whether it's one of the many iconic film locations that have been chosen for the game, or the various Jason Voorhees models themselves, fans can rest assured that everything in Friday the 13th: The Game has been painstakingly recreated with accuracy in mind. This is truly the love letter Friday the 13th fans have waited more than 30 years for. 

Includes all previously released DLC and Retail Disc Exclusive Content on the disc
 
Ten Single Player Challenges where you play as Jason, Offline matches with AI Bots, new maps, characters, counselor outfits, Jason skins, additional kills for Jason, the complete Virtual Cabin experience, Physical Edition Exclusive Bloody Jason Skins and clothing packs and much more! 
 
1v7 Multiplayer
 
With maps spanning multiple iconic locations from the movie franchise; play online as either Jason Voorhees or a Camp Counselor trying to survive the night. The choice is yours! 

Unlock and Customize
 
Level up and unlock new playable Counselors or Jason models; spend hard-earned CP (customization points) on new kills for Jason or game-changing Perks for your Camp Counselors; even unlock new 80's inspired clothing to show off during matches! Friday the 13th: The Game has tons of content waiting to be discovered! 

Killer Variety
 
Play as various incarnations of Jason Voorhees as depicted in the films. Each Jason has been hand-crafted with specific Strengths, Weaknesses, and exclusive brutal kills! Fans of the movies will be able to unlock and play as Jason’s from parts 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9!

Authentic to the Franchise
 
The game draws expertise from horror icons including Sean S. Cunningham (director/creator of Friday the 13th), Tom Savini (FX legend and effects director of Friday the 13th), composer Harry Manfredini (various compositions from the franchise) and Kane Hodder (Jason Voorhees actor; Part 7, 8 ,and 9).  