Preorder Now & Get Additional items
Additional Mission The Blind King:
Preorder for early access to the Assassin's Creed Odyssey: The Blind King Mission.
 

 

Assassin's Creed Gold Edition includes:
Assassin’s Creed® Odyssey game with the GOLD EDITION artwork.
Season pass: Play new narrative arcs in Assassin's Creed® Odyssey with the SEASON PASS, giving you access to recurring major story content.
Write your own Odyssey
Live epic adventures in a world where every choice matters. Sentenced to death by your family, embark on an epic journey from outcast mercenary to legendary Greek hero, and uncover the truth about your past. Forge your path through a war-torn world shaped by gods and men, where mountains and sea collide. Meet Ancient Greece’s famous figures and interact with a pivotal point in history that shaped western civilization. 

Assassin’s Creed® Odyssey brings player choice to the forefront through innovations never-before-seen in Assassin’s Creed as you choose the hero you want to become and change the world around you. Through the relationships you build with colourful characters & the decisions you make along your odyssey, it is you who is in control of your destiny. Customise your equipment and master new special abilities, tailoring your hero’s skillset to your play style. Fight your way across Greece, engaging in visceral battles both on land and sea, to become a true hero of legend. 
 
Become a Legendary Greek Hero
In a first for the Assassin’s Creed franchise, you can choose which hero to embody throughout this epic journey, Alexios or Kassandra. Customise your gear, upgrade your abilities, and personalise your ship on your path to become a legendary Greek hero. 
 
Delve into Ancient Greece
From the heights of snowy mountain peaks to the depths of the Aegean Seas, explore an entire country full of untamed environments and cities at the peak of Greece’s Golden Age. Unexpected encounters will breathe life into your story as you meet colourful characters, battle vicious mercenaries, and more.
 
Choose your own path
Your decisions shape the world around you with over 30 hours of choice dialogue and multiple game endings. Experience a living, dynamic world that constantly evolves and reacts to your every decision. 
 
Fight epic battles
Demonstrate your extraordinary warrior abilities and shift the tides of battle during the Peloponnesian War. Charge into epic clashes between Sparta and Athens in Big Battles pitting 150 vs 150 soldiers against each other.
 
Sale across the Aegean Sea
Find uncharted locations, uncover hidden treasures or cleave your way through entire fleets in naval battles. Customise the look of your ship, upgrade weaponry to suit your strengths, and recruit crewmembers with unique perks, tailoring naval combat to your style.
 
A land of Myths and Legends
Discover a world rich with myths and legends. From ancient rituals to famed statues, come face-to-face with Greece’s legendary figures and discover the true nature of mythological beasts like Medusa and the Minotaur.
*Final content and release dates subject to change. Some features may not be available at launch. Content may be available for purchase and/or as giveaway(s) separately at Ubisoft’s sole discretion at any time. System requirements pending. Please check system requirements and product details/restrictions before purchase and upon game release before redeeming your pre-order.