Be the Engineer 
Take control of mighty amachines traveling at breath-taking speeds around the world! Train Sim World® puts you in the driver’s seat of high speed trains, freight services and intercity locomotives, challenging you to carry out a number of duties all across the globe. Live out your Rail Fan dreams exploring highly detailed and immersive environments, finding the best vantage points from which to capture those once-in-a-lifetime shots. Train Sim World® is rich in detail and authenticity, with every control recreated using Unreal Engine 4® technology, along with Dovetail’s proprietary SimuGraph® vehicle dynamics engine. Feel the thrill as you step into the cab and dominate everyday behemoths that pull thousands of tons of passengers and cargo from city to city! Do you have what it takes to earn your place as a train engineer?!

Features
Rise to the Challenge - Operate trains on some of the world’s busiest railways, including New York, London, and Leipzig!. Your skill, focus and endurance will be tested to the limit as you are called on to deliver passengers and important cargo on tight schedules.

Feel the Detail - Featuring complete in-cab interactivity, operate a variety of different locos and experience incredible detail as you bring some of the world’s biggest and most powerful trains roaring into action.

Live a ‘Day-in-the-Life’ - Service Mode offers a recreation of full 24-hour timetables based on real-world operations. Take control or ride along as a passenger - the choice is yours.

Play at Any Level - Train Sim World® caters to players of all ability levels, featuring guided tutorials that cover everything you need to know to become a train aficionado. Climb into the cab and learn to operate some very different locos step-by-step, quickly moving from novice to expert.

Become the Ultimate Navigator - Navigate busy networks, overcoming adverse weather and responding to emergency signals. Your mission never changes: reach your destination safely and don’t be late!