Preorder The Day One Edition To Receive Bonus Content:
Ari Varanen returns to Dakar
Includes the legendary pilot of the Paris-Dakar Rally, Ari Vatanen, and his mythical Peugeot 205 T16, in which Ari won the 1987 edition.
 
Unforgiving. Unbreakable. Full Control.
Based on the world-famous annual rally raid organized by Amaur y Sport Organisation (A.S.O.) in South America, DAKAR 18 is a realistic simulation of the biggest cross-country rally in the world and features a variety of vehicles, including motorcycles, cars, trucks, quads and UTVs. Players will compete in fierce online multiplayer battles as well as playing offline to harness and grow racing skills in a huge open world.

Huge Cross-Country Open World: driving experience across Peru, Bolivia and Argentina with more than 12,000km2 of open world that doesn’t limit you to a track or certain roads
14 Stages: Dakar Rally 2018 simulated stages from Lima to Córdoba
Realistic Graphics: through the conversion of satellite images on the game terrain
Realistic Road Book Navigation System: Simulating the official Road Books of the Dakar Rally 2018 to guide you across that immense landscape where you’re free to roam. Can you get to the finish line without getting lost?
Time and Weather Simulation: Get stuck in dry sand under the burning sun or fight against deep mud in heavy rain or river beds!
Rescue and Repair: Are you just driving for victory or willing to stop and help others in need? Towing a stuck competitor will provide you extra repair points. You will need them!
Single-player and Multiplayer: The game features a full-fledged online and offline multiplayer experience and competition. Race up to seven other competitors in online stages or play with a friend on split screen!
In Dakar 18 you can choose between 5 vehicle categories, with Full Control over official vehicles and pilots:

Cars: Peugeot, Mini, Toyota, Renault, Mitsubishi
starring Carlos Sainz, Stéphane Peterhansel, Sebastien Loeb, Nasser Al Attiyah, Nani Roma, Orlando Terranova, Mikko Hirvonen, Bryce Menzies, Emiliano Spataro, Carlos Sousa and many others.
Motorcycles: KTM, Honda, Yamaha, Husqvarna 
starring Mathias Walkner, Sam Sunderland, Joan Barreda, Adrien Van Beveren, Pablo Quintanilla, Laia Sanz and many others
Quads: Yamaha Raptor
starring Ignacio Casale, Sergey Karyakin, Alexis Hernandez, Rafal Sonik
Trucks: Kamaz, Maz, Tatra, MAN
starring Eduardo Nikolaev, Martin Kolomy, Aleksandr Vasilevski and many others.
SxS: Polaris
starring Patrice Garrouste, Claude Fournier and many others