A plague is ruining the land and the Tree-of-Life is bleeding death from its roots. The Tribes stand divided, in need of someone strong enough to unite them or bring them all down…

Key Features

A New Take on 3rd Person Combat - The martial arts style combat system allows you maximum freedom of movement and agility while mixing shooting, melee and powers from your mutations. Acquiring new Wushu combat styles through progression, and learning from masters you’ll meet, constantly adds to your choices and makes sure combat never gets old.

Evolve Your Gameplay - You’ll be able to recode your genetic structure to change the way you look and play. This will of course affect your attributes and in addition to this, exposure to bio-contamination in the world will lead to physical mutations such as mantis-claws and barbed tails, while exposure to radioactivity found in bunkers from the old world will affect your mind and unlock psi-mutations including telekinesis, levitation and more.

Next Level of Crafting - Unleash your creativity when crafting weapons. Mix and match parts to create your own unique single- or double-handed slash, crush and pierce melee weapons. Revolvers, rifles and shotguns and add modifications from cork-screws and battery-powered chainsaw modules to bio-contaminated sludge vials, that’ll give edge to your combat arsenal. There are even characters you’ll meet that’ll craft cool stuff for you, like bionic wings, a jump-pack and even let you modify your Automaton – the scrap-toy sidekick!

Gear Up for Adventure - You have full freedom when equipping your character. Not only when it comes to choosing weapons you created, but also what type of gear you wear. Equip a gasmask and an oxygen tank for exploring the Dead Zones, thermos-resistant clothes for venturing into cryonic areas or protective gear for taking on bio-contaminated creatures, the choice is up to you.

Survive in a Vibrant Open World - You’ll create your own adventure as you journey explore the open world and what lies beneath its surface, by foot, mech, jet-ski, air-balloon and more. Traverse the dying wildland, the tunnels and bunker networks of the underworld, and find your way up the mountains or out in the archipelago. There are lots of discoveries to be made, mysteries to unravel, creatures to confront and weird characters to meet in this vibrant and colorful world.

An Unusual Story with an Unusual End - Your actions play a major part in the unfolding of a story where End is coming to the New World. A plague is ruining the land and the Tree-of-Life is bleeding death from its roots. The Tribes stand divided, in need of someone strong enough to unite them or bring them all down… Although you are guided through the world by a Storyteller that narrates every step of your journey, it’s your actions and choices that’ll decide how your story of survival ends.