Your favorite marsupial, Crash Bandicoot®, is back! He’s enhanced, entranced & ready-to-dance with the N. Sane Trilogy game collection. Now you can experience Crash Bandicoot like never before in Fur-K. Spin, jump, wump and repeat as you take on the epic challenges and adventures through the three games that started it all, Crash Bandicoot®, Crash Bandicoot® 2: Cortex Strikes Back and Crash Bandicoot®: Warped. Relive all your favorite Crash moments in their fully-remastered HD graphical glory and get ready to put some UMPH in your WUMP!

3 Full Games, 100+ Levels & 2 Playable Characters
Experience N. Tense Platforming, Epic Challenges & Adventures
Stunning New Animations & Graphics
NEW! Play as Coco in ALL Three Games
NEW! Time Trials in ALL Three Games
NEW! Online Leaderboards
Key Features

The Bandicoot is Back – The marsupial that defined a generation is better than ever in a first-ever remaster of the original trilogy: Crash Bandicoot, Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back and Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped.

Play as Coco – For the first time, Crash’s smart and spirited little sister, Coco, will be playable throughout the trilogy. Fans can switch between playing as Crash or Coco. Both characters have an N. Sane set of special attacks – each with their own style!

Now in Face-Melting HD – Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy has brand-new lighting, animations, and recreated cinematics in stunning “N. Hanced Fur-K”.  New animations, visual effects and environmental details let players spin, jump and jet pack their way through the lush—and furriest—Wumpa Island yet!

Bringing Back the Beat – The new collection features a fully-remastered game soundtrack, packed with all the didgeridoos, xylophones and thumpin’ bass lines fans can handle!

Original Story, New Tech – Full analog stick support, a unified save system and unified checkpoint system make it easier than ever to enjoy the classic adventure. Plus, improved bonus levels, time trials everywhere and online leaderboards will make this an epic trilogy for the hardest of the ‘Coot core!

New Cinematics – All the beloved cinematics in this trilogy are being lovingly re-crafted. In the intro cinematic, Crash Bandicoot’s origin story shows our villains, Dr. Neo Cortex and Dr. Nitrus Brio, try to evolve Crash into an evil mutant general, but it doesn’t go quite as planned!

Say What? – Fans of the Crash Bandicoot games may recognise some familiar voice actors whose newly recorded dialogue appears in Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy, including Jess Harnell, Lex Lang and Debi Derryberry, among others.

Original 3 Games Fully Remastered

Crash Bandicoot - Dr. Neo Cortex has a plan to take over the world, and he wants to create genetically engineered animals to do his bidding. To create his minions, Cortex kidnaps as many animals as he can; Crash Bandicoot’s girlfriend just happens to be one of his victims. Take control of Crash as he runs, jumps, and spins through 30 levels of intense action on three different Australian islands. Only you can help Crash save the animals, save his girlfriend, and foil Dr. Cortex’s plot.
 
Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back - The evil Dr. Neo Cortex is back…out this time to save the world? And he’s asking for help from his arch nemesis, Crash Bandicoot? Is this just a conniving plan to lure Crash into Cortex’s next dastardly experiment? Can Crash win again or will he join Cortex’s mindless zoo? Bigger free-roaming 3-D environments, all-new animations and a whole host of colorful characters – watch as our hero Crash, ice-skates, rodeo-rides a polar bear and jet-packs through zero-gravity in the continuing adventures of Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back – This time he ain’t joking! 
 
Crash Bandicoot Warped - Oh yeah…he’s back…AND he’s ready! It’s a Whole New Time-Traveling Adventure! All new-style gameplay action – scuba dive, ride a motorcycle, a baby T-Rex, and go free-roaming airborne in a plane! Play as Coco! Gallop along the Great Wall of China on a tiger, go extreme on a jet-ski and other high-flying surprises! Prove your skills with the new Super-charge Body Slam, Super Slide, Double Jump, Death-Tornado Spin and a Laser-Guided Bazooka. All new enemies include a new Big Boss, Uka Uka, N. Tropy, a menacing Dingodile and of course, the return of some favorites like N. Gin and Tiny. More Action. More Fun. More Puzzles and Secret Levels. And you didn’t think it could get any better!