FINAL FANTASY XV WINDOWS EDITION boasts a wealth of bonus content, including content contained in free updates to the console versions as well as paid downloadable content originally available through the Season Pass. Players can also explore the world of Eos through Noctis's eyes in an all-new first-person mode.

FINAL FANTASY XV WINDOWS EDITION is compatible with native 4K (3840 x 2160) resolution and HDR 10. Graphical options can also be configured to support up to 8K. Thanks to NVIDIA, you can experience the beautiful and carefully crafted world of Eos like never before.

Enjoy the ultimate FFXV experience in the highest resolution imaginable!

FINAL FANTASY XV WINDOWS EDITION features:

Expanded Map: Insomnia City Ruins – all-new side quests and enemies such as Cerberus and Omega will be available through the expanded map of the Crown City of Insomnia. Players can also take on a battle with the Rulers of Yore

A fully-controllable Royal Vessel boat, expanding the world of Eos and allowing players to explore the area between Cape Caem and Altissia. Players will also be able to fish aboard the vessel and discover new fish and recipes

A new accessory that can activate the new action “Armiger Unleashed” - players will be able to unleash powerful attacks while the Armiger is summoned. After collecting all of the royal arms, players will be able to find an accessory in an unidentified part of the world, enabling access to Armiger Unleashed

A new first-person camera mode, allowing players to experience the game from Noctis’ perspective

More than a dozen pieces of downloadable content including weapons, Regalia car skins and item sets

All current season pass content including: EPISODE GLADIOLUS, EPISODE PROMPTO, MULTIPLAYER EXPANSION: COMRADES and EPISODE IGNIS

Archive – players can review the “Cosmogony” stories scattered throughout the FINAL FANTASY XV world. Additional local myths and legends will also be placed in various new locations. Through them, players will be able to obtain more information about the world

Quest to obtain and Strengthen Regalia Type-D

*Note that the physical version disc is an installer only.





FINAL FANTASY® XV is a ground-breaking fantasy based on reality, with revolutionary gameplay, awe-inspiring graphics, and cutting edge technology. Escaping the flames of war, Noctis, the Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Lucis, embarks on an epic journey with his best friends through a world of larger-than-life beasts, amazing wonders to behold, and dungeons filled with danger in hopes of finding the strength to take back his homeland and end the battle.

----

Enroute to wed his fiancée Luna on a road trip with his best friends, Prince Noctis is advised by news reports that his homeland has been invaded and taken over under the false pretense of a peace treaty – and that he, his loved one and his father King Regis, have been slain at the hands of the enemy.

To gather the strength needed to uncover the truth and reclaim his homeland, Noctis and his loyal companions must overcome a series of challenges in a spectacular open world - that is filled with larger-than-life creatures, amazing wonders, diverse cultures and treacherous foes.

 