While the world hangs in the balance, the armies of the Horde and Alliance meet once again on the fields of battle. Prepare for all-out war with this limited-edition collector’s set, featuring a host of rare and commemorative items to aid you in the coming conflict.

WORLD OF WARCRAFT: BATTLE FOR AZEROTH – WINDOWS/MAC GAME KEY
A digital key to unlock the full version of Battle for Azeroth.

COLLECTOR’S EDITION DIGITAL SOUNDTRACK KEY
A digital key to download the stirring orchestral pieces from the Battle for Azeroth soundtrack, the perfect mood music for laying siege to your enemies.

ELEGY & A GOOD WAR DOUBLE-SIDED BOOK
Every great war story has two sides. This limited-edition hardback collects two new World of Warcraft novellas depicting the Burning of Teldrassil from the point of the view of the Alliance (Elegy) and the Horde (A Good War). Each story includes original artwork exclusive to this edition.

HORDE & ALLIANCE DOUBLE-SIDED MARK OF ALLEGIANCE
Declare your allegiance with this hefty two-sided emblem. Place it on your desk or shelf with one side facing outward, proclaiming your chosen faction to the world . . . while the other side faces the wall, bowing in quiet shame. Stand included.

EPIC IN-GAME CONTENT
Unlock a treasure trove of Horde- and Alliance-themed in-game content across the following Blizzard games:

World of Warcraft

Gilded Ravasaur Horde Mount
Seabraid Stallion Alliance Mount
Tottle, the Baby Tortollan Pet
Hearthstone

Azeroth Is Burning Card Back
StarCraft II

Alliance and Horde Sprays 
Heroes of the Storm

Primal Flamesaber Mount
Overwatch

Tracer’s Alliance Banner and Horde Banner Emotes
Torbjörn’s “For the Alliance” and “For the Horde” Voice Lines
Zandalar and Kul Tiras Player Icons
Anduin, Jaina, Sylvanas, and Varok Sprays




DECLARE YOUR ALLEGIANCE

Azeroth paid a terrible price to end the apocalyptic march of the Legion’s crusade—but even as the world’s wounds are tended, it is the shattered trust between the Alliance and Horde that may prove hardest to mend. As this age-old conflict reignites, gather your allies and champion your faction’s cause—for Azeroth’s future will be forged in the fires of war.

Key Features

Enter a World Divided - Experience the relentless conflict at the heart of the Warcraft saga. Quest to level 120, play through six new zones filled with new World Quests, new World Bosses, new raids and more.  You determine whether the Horde or Alliance will shape Azeroth’s future.

Recruit Allied Races - Explore Azeroth as one of six new playable Allied Races, including four you've encountered in your campaign against the Legion. Embark on a quest to earn their favor and unlock each race, adding their strength to your faction. Create a new character and complete the full leveling experience to earn a distinctive Heritage Armor set.

Plunder Uncharted Islands - Set sail for the previously unmapped isles of Azeroth. Battle in groups of three as you race against cunning rival intruders—or enemy players—to collect the island’s resources. Constantly evolving challenges await as you traverse frozen landscapes near Northrend, open the mysterious gates of an abandoned Gilnean castle, navigate a war between elementals and more.

Storm the Warfronts - Head to the frontlines and take part in a large-scale 20-player cooperative Warfront to claim a key strategic location. Build up your faction’s forces, lead the charge as your troops lay siege to the objective, and battle fight the against enemy commanders as they make their last stand in this new PvE mode inspired by classic Warcraft RTS battles.

Infuse Armor with Titanic Might - Take control of the Heart of Azeroth—a legendary neck piece entrusted to you by Magni Bronzebeard. Imbue it with Azerite, an invaluable resource that’s emerged in the Legion’s wake, to customize your armor with new powers and traits.

Includes Level 110 Character Boost - Enter the raging conflict between the Horde and the Alliance prepared to survive the on the front lines of a vicious new war.