Redemption Instructions:

Pre-order Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 for PlayStation® 4, Xbox One or PC to secure a BETA Access code*.
Visit www.callofduty.com/beta and log in or create an account to redeem your BETA Access code.
After redeeming your BETA Access code, more detail will follow on how and when you can access the Beta.
*BETA codes are emailed 1-2 business days from your ordered date. Actual platform availability and launch date(s) subject to change. See www.callofduty.com/beta for more details. Minimum Beta duration is 3 days. Limited time only, while beta codes last, at participating retailers. Internet connection required.





The Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 Mystery Box Edition comes loaded with a plethora of collectible items - including a collectible Mystery Box, 4 Exclusive Zombies Figpins, an Exclusive Zombies Puzzle, Darkhorse Zombies Comic with Exclusive cover, 3 Zombies lithographs, a Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 Pop Socket, collectible Steelbook, 10 physical Specialist Icon patches, and additional digital content for the ultimate Black Ops fan. Pre-Order now while supplies last.
Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 Mystery Box Edition Includes:

Call Of Duty®: Black Ops 4 Game - Black Ops is back! Featuring gritty, grounded Multiplayer combat, the biggest Zombies offering ever with three full undead adventures at Launch, and Blackout, where the universe of Black Ops comes to life in a massive battle royale experience.

Collectible Zombies Mystery Box – Inspired by the in-game Zombies Mystery Box, this collectible box features an eerie skeleton exterior and frightening sounds and lighting. 

Zombies Heroes Figpins™ - Get the exclusive set of our new Zombies Heroes featuring Scarlett Rhodes, Bruno Delacroix, Diego Necalli, and Stanton Shaw from Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 Zombies.

10th Anniversary Zombies Puzzle – This 1,000 piece puzzle features unique art celebrating 10 years of Treyarch Zombies history.

Dark Horse Zombies Comic Issue #1 – This first issue of the Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 Zombies Dark Horse Comic comes with an exclusive cover only for the Mystery Box Edition. The comic series will unveil details about our Zombies Heroes’ backstories.

Zombies Lithographs – These three collectible lithographs commemorate Voyage of Despair, IX, and Blood of the Dead, three Zombies Experiences in Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4.

Pop Socket – With its intimidating skull logo, this limited edition Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 Pop Socket is the perfect way to show off your Black Ops fandom. 

Collectible Steelbook - Limited edition steel game case featuring unique art.

Limited Edition Specialist Icon Patches - Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 reintroduces the fan-favorite Specialists, each with their own unique weapon, equipment, and icons. This set of collectible patches is inspired by each of the 10 Specialists’ in-game icons.

Black Ops Pass* - The Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 Black Ops Pass includes “Classified,” a bonus Zombies experience, available at Launch, 4 additional all-new Zombies experiences, 12 Multiplayer maps, and 4 exclusive Blackout characters.

*Black Ops Pass (BOP) content is not final, is subject to change, and may not include all downloadable content available for the game.  BOP content may not be available in all countries, and pricing and release dates may vary by platform. BOP content should be downloaded from the in-game store only; do not purchase separately, or you will be charged again.  BOP content may be sold separately.

 

Black Ops is back! Featuring gritty, grounded Multiplayer combat, the biggest Zombies offering ever with three full undead adventures at launch, and Blackout, where the universe of Black Ops comes to life in a massive battle royale experience. Blackout features the largest map in Call of Duty history, signature Black Ops combat, and characters, locations and weapons from the Black Ops series.

 

TACTICAL, GROUNDED MULTIPLAYER

Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 Multiplayer raises the bar, delivering the most thrilling experience yet with a focus on tactical, grounded gameplay and player choice. The game offers a new level of online action across a variety of new weaponry, maps and modes. For the first time, Multiplayer serves as the center of the game’s narrative as players explore each Specialist’s role and unique playstyles. With the return of the Pick 10 Create-a-Class system and a new Gear category, gameplay becomes more customizable than ever, giving players choice on how to equip their Specialist. Combined with the ability to unlock devastating Scorestreaks, players will have the opportunity to be powerful on their own or unstoppable as a team.

 

THE BIGGEST CALL OF DUTY ZOMBIES EVER

Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 delivers the biggest Day 1 Zombies offering ever with three full experiences at launch: IX, Voyage of Despair, and Blood of the Dead. With an exciting new adventure and a brand-new cast of characters, Call of Duty: Black Ops 4’s Zombies will feature the deep gameplay and easter eggs that its rabid community of fans have come to expect.



A CELEBRATION OF THE BLACK OPS EXPERIENCE

In Blackout, Black Ops comes to life in a massive battle royale experience that features Black Ops signature combat and land, sea, and air vehicles in the biggest map in Call of Duty history. Bringing together the worlds of Black Ops, play as your favorite characters and battle through iconic settings from the Black Ops universe in an all-out survival and elimination experience.