FIFA 19 Champions Edition includes:
Three days early access
FUT Packs
Cristiano Ronaldo and Neymar Jr Loan items and more!
Champions Rise
Powered by Frostbite™*, EA SPORTS™ FIFA 19 delivers a champion-caliber experience on and off the pitch. Introducing the prestigious UEFA Champions League, offering gameplay innovation that allows you to control the pitch in every moment and providing new and unrivaled ways to play. Experience the dramatic finale to the story of Alex Hunter in The Journey: Champions*, a new mode in the ever-popular FIFA Ultimate Team™, additional leagues in Career Mode, and more. Champions Rise in FIFA 19.
UEFA Champions League

Play the pinnacle of club football across a variety of modes in FIFA 19 with official match presentation, breadth in tournament experiences, including UEFA Champions League, Europa League and Super Cup, and an all-new commentary team in Derek Rae and Lee Dixon.

Modes: The UEFA Champions League, Europa League and Super Cup come to life across experiences in EA SPORTS FIFA 19. From a title chase in The Journey: Champions, to live content updates in FIFA 19 Ultimate Team, to authentic Kick Off and Career Mode integration, to an all-new standalone Champions League Mode, you can experience the greatest club football competition in the world no matter where you play in FIFA 19.
Champions League Mode: Experience the drama of the official UEFA Champions League tournament from the group stage through to the illustrious final match. Or play a custom version of the tournament with any European club of your choice.
New Commentary Team: The brand-new commentary pair of Derek Rae and Lee Dixon bring their signature broadcast style to the UEFA Champions League, Europa League and Super Cup tournaments within the game.
Official UEFA Elements: Immerse yourself in Europe's most prestigious club competitions with official broadcast elements, kit badges, match balls, and the iconic trophies for the UEFA Champions League, Europa League, and Super Cup.
Gameplay

From tactical approach to each technical touch, Control The Pitch in every moment with new gameplay features in EA SPORTS FIFA 19. The brand-new Active Touch System allows for closer control, Dynamic Tactics enable deeper and more accessible squad setups, 50/50 Battles enable greater physicality and more user skill in challenges for loose balls, Timed Finishing elevates user control in striking, and the evolution of Real Player Motion Technology continues to heighten player personality with realistic and authentic animations.
Active Touch System: The new Active Touch System fundamentally changes the way you receive and strike the ball, providing closer control, improved fluidity, creativity and increased player personality. Utilize a suite of new first touch tools, like the disguised touch, flick-up volleys, or even skill specific animations, like the Neymar Trap, to beat your opponent and create scoring opportunities.
Dynamic Tactics: A re-imagined system gives players the tools to set multiple tactical approaches, offering in-depth customization pre-match, as well as more options for dynamic in-match adjustments from the D-Pad. Each tactical approach combines formations, mentalities, and attacking and defensive play styles, enabling you to easily customize your play in any situation.
50/50 Battles: With 50/50 Battles, user reactions and player attributes determine the outcome for winning loose balls across the pitch. With increased teammate intelligence and spatial awareness, every challenge matters in the fight for possession.
Timed Finishing: Double tapping shoot on any strike attempt triggers a timed finish, putting users in control of how accurately they connect with the ball. The precision of the second button tap determines the result of the contact, with perfectly timed strikes increasing in accuracy and power, and poorly timed contacts more likely to miss the mark. Whether it's a hit from outside the box, a precision header, or a deft touch, timed finishing adds a new layer of control to chances in-front of goal.
Real Player Motion Technology: the game-changing animation system, which brought player personality and increased fidelity in movement to EA SPORTS FIFA, returns with increased coverage across the pitch. Enhanced animations for tactical shielding, impact balancing, and physical jostles bring realistic player movement, responsiveness and personality to new heights.
The Journey: Champions

The third installment and dramatic finale of the story driven narrative, The Journey, concludes in FIFA 19 for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. In The Journey: Champions, take control of iconic young footballer Alex Hunter and pursue Champions League glory.

FIFA 19 Ultimate Team™ (FUT)

Build your dream squad from thousands of players and compete in the most popular mode in FIFA. Featuring content from UEFA Champions League and Europa League, the world's most prestigious club competitions come to life with live content in FIFA 19 Ultimate Team.

Other Modes

New Kick-Off Experience
Career Mode
Pro-Clubs
Skill Games